About
=====

Uprecords is a mozilla addon that records firefox uptimes. It was
inspired by the uptimed utility originally written by Robert John
Kaper. Instead of tracking the uptime of your system, this addon
tracks the uptime of your firefox process. It keeps a history of your
top 10 uptimes and tells you when your current session will be top 10
and when it will be number one.

Contributing
============

The source code is hosted on github:

https://github.com/dcrewi/moz-addon-uprecords

If you would like to submit bugfixes or patches, please fork the
project on github, push your changes, and submit a pull request.

Building from source requires mozilla's addon SDK, available here:

https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/developers/

Acknowledgements
================

The icon is by Double-J Design (http://www.doublejdesign.co.uk/) and
is available under a Creative Common 3.0 Attribution License.

Legal
=====

Copyright (c) 2012 David Creswick <dcrewi@gyrae.net>

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
